COMDOX-1734: Updated SCP topics for clarity (#941)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/reference/storefront-compatibility/v247.mdx

---
title: Adobe Commerce 2.4.7
description: Legacy reference for the Storefront Compatibility Package on Adobe Commerce 2.4.7.
sidebar:
  label: Adobe Commerce 2.4.7
  order: 3
---
import Link from '@components/Link.astro';

import Aside from '@components/Aside.astro';

This page is legacy reference for merchants already on Adobe Commerce 2.4.7. For new installations, see the [Storefront Compatibility Package](/setup/configuration/storefront-compatibility/) with Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

The Storefront Compatibility Package adds GraphQL schema extensions and bug fixes that storefront drop-ins need on Adobe Commerce 2.4.7.

<Aside type="note" title="Version and compatibility requirements">

> Adobe Commerce 2.4.7 only. Magento Open Source is not supported. Adobe Commerce 2.4.7 is no longer supported for new Storefront Compatibility Package installations. See the [Storefront Compatibility Package](/setup/configuration/storefront-compatibility/) for Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adobe Commerce 2.4.7 only. Magento Open Source is not supported. Lower versions of Adobe Commerce are not supported. Adobe Commerce 2.4.7 is no longer supported for new Storefront Compatibility Package installations. See the [Storefront Compatibility Package](/setup/configuration/storefront-compatibility/) for Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.
```

> Adobe Commerce 2.4.7 regular support continues until April 9, 2027. See <Link href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/release/versions" text="Adobe Commerce Software Lifecycle Policy" /> for end-of-life dates.

Reviewer: Avoid putting a date here. If the Powers that Be change the support life of 2.4.7, you'll never know it. Rewrite this paragraph to be generic.

> Many fixes in this package line are already included in Adobe Commerce 2.4.8 core. Lower versions of Adobe Commerce are not supported. The current package line for Adobe Commerce 2.4.7 is `4.7.13`. For patch versions, see the [changelog](/releases/changelog/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many fixes in this package line are already included in Adobe Commerce 2.4.8 or 2.4.9 core. The current package line for Adobe Commerce 2.4.7 is `4.7.13`. For patch versions, see the [changelog](/releases/changelog/).
```

</Aside>

## Major features

Adobe releases new GraphQL queries and mutations across minor versions in each package line. The list below summarizes the full `4.7.13` line; not every item was introduced in `4.7.13`, even though it is the latest release in the 4.7.x series. For version-specific changes, see the [changelog](/releases/changelog/) and filter for the Storefront Compatibility Package.

> 

Reviewer 2: FYI Starting with SCP 4.7.14, PaaS with ACO is supported. As agreed with Vinod and Taras, the remaining features introduced in SCP 4.8.x and SCP 4.9.x will be incrementally backported to the SCP 4.7 release stream in future releases.

https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/spaces/Guardians/pages/3722547798/Storefront+Compatibility+Package
